---
layout: post
title:  "Going Hard in the Tech"
date:   2017-09-06 00:15:19 +0000
---

As you can imagine, working as a Compliance Review Specialist in Mortgage operations at a bank was a little less than thrilling. I had degrees in International Business and French, with a minor in Finance! Was this really the best use of my knowledge and skills? Couple that with the fact that I was in a long-distance relationship with the love of my life, I decided it was time to make a change! I searched all the typical career web pages for a few months, but I finally found the solution on a less popular website called VentureLoop.com, a site for start-ups and VC's to connect and post open job opportunities. 

I was thrilled at the thought of working in an exciting, fast-paced tech environment. My high-energy persona surprisingly didn't fit that well in a bank and I was ready to unleash it! After applying to quite a few places, I finally heard back from someone in the exact location where my girlfriend lived: Washington, DC. It was fate! I kept an open mind when interviewing for the Part-time Customer Care position.. "Am I really going to quit my stable job and move to DC with 4 months left on my lease? Can I even afford it?" I thought to myself. "Am I ready to give up my beloved Chicago life?" 

The answer was a resounding yes, and my partner was thrilled to cover the bills while I made the transition into my new role. It was sunshine and rainbows at first; I took care of household duties and read some great books in my down time while she was at work. But after a while I realized that I was super bored. Being in a part-time role meant that my work hours were limited. Even if I wanted to contribute more, I couldn't. The upside was that I made some new friends at my new organization through the weekly happy hour! 

Where did I find said friends? The game room, of course! My first few friends at Social Tables all came from the engineering department. Since we got along so well, they continually told me that I should join their team! I was totally down except for one key thing: I knew nothing about coding, engineering, or anything in their world really! So I started asking them questions and researching. One afternoon on my way home from a boring day of work, I decided I wanted to get involved in something for real. 20 opened tabs later, I decided to take a match-making quiz for the best coding programs, boot camps and schools. 

Subsequently, I matched with Flatiron and started to get emails from them. Eventually, I decided to check it out. I started reading through the Intro to Ruby course and became instantly intrigued! Following further research, I decided to apply. After several conversations and a scholarship offer, I decided that this was what I wanted to do. I wanted to be a badass woman in tech. Ironically, the same day that I received my admission acceptance email, I also received my offer letter for a full-time role in sales development at my company. I signed them both and became determined to figure out a way to excel. If there is a will, there is a way! It's been challenging to manage my time between transitioning to my new role and starting school again, but I know it is well worth it. Since I was 3 years old, I've had an incredibly entrepreneurial spirit. Now it's time to gain the skills needed to keep moving forward!!!
